for this craft you're going to need
cardboard fabric toothpicks scissors a
hot glue gun a ruler and some sort of
writing utensil you start off by laying
your doll onto your cardboard make a
mark where her shoulders are and where
her feet are make both lines five inches
long talk two more lines connecting your
original lines and then cut your
rectangle out then measuring out five
more inches for the bottom drawing then
cut another piece of cardboard that is
about five inches by 5 inches fold it in
half and glue the two parts together
next we're going to cover both pieces of
cardboard in fabric and blue your two
pieces together next cut toothpicks and
glue them to your structure to brace it
up next you are going to draw a
rectangle on the cardboard that is wide
and as long as this empty space here
plus a little bit extra for the armrest
cut the piece out and another one that
is the same size next cover both pieces
in fabric glue your two pieces to your
structure and cut and glue more
toothpicks to brace it up next we are
going to cut out a piece of cardboard
that will fit over the empty spot cover
it in fabric
glue it into place brace it up with more
toothpicks and I am choosing to add a
cushion I'm frosty and that's how to
make a comfortable chair for a doll have
fun
you